Ti comm dev (#17)
Autonomous-Motorsports-Purdue/AMP-v1: README.md

To learn more about [rosdep](http://wiki.ros.org/rosdep), check out the [ROS wiki](http://wiki.ros.org/rosdep).

## Building
#### ROS
As mentioned in the [ROS core tutorials on building packages](http://wiki.ros.org/ROS/Tutorials/BuildingPackages), run the following two commands at the top of the directory (in AMP-v1) to build each of the ROS packages in our project.
```
catkin_make
source devel/setup.bash
```
#### LIBSERIALPORT

> At the top of each branch your want to build the library for you should run the following command and then refer to the readme in src/ti_comm/src
> ```
> git submodule update --init --recursive
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
The serial communication node relies on a serial communication library that needs to be built each time you check out a new branch (including master when initially cloning the repo). To properly build the library, run the following commands from the top of the repo directory:
1. `git submodule update --init --recursive`
2. `cd src/ti_comm/src/libserialport`
3. `./autogen.sh`
4. `./configure`
5. `make`
6. `sudo make install`
7. If you don't see something like `libserialport` in your PATH environment variable (`echo $PATH), manually add it to your Path.
```
